This code serves as a sample of how our servo-powered V2 might 
operate. This is pseudocode similar to the structure of an ino file.
We're hoping to control the arm with this code via an Arduino or a
similar device. 

This arm utilizes small continuous servos embedded in the palm. Each
servo controls an associated finger. Since total EMG control isn't
within our capabilities, it instead uses a system of macros to provide 
different functions using only 2 EMG inputs. Some examples of potential 
macros include one that pinches the index and thumb, or one that clenches
the entire hand, etc. This code allows for as many macros as needed.

The code will execute in the following way:

> Once the user inserts the battery, the script begins.
> Each servo will be initilized, and then output/input 
  pins for each device (ex. servos, EMGs, buttons, etc) will be set.
> Additional variables will be created to track the selected macro,
  the position of each finger, the value of the EMG(s), whether
  or not the macro button is currently pressed, and whether or
  not the macro button was pressed in the last run of the loop()
  function (these last 2 are needed to check if the button was
  pressed and released).
> The setup() function will assign each servo its output pin
  and default position.
> The loop() function will first determine if our macro button
  has been pressed and released. If so, it will switch the selected 
  macro.
> The loop() function will then determine the values of the EMG
  inputs and set their variables to match.
> The loop() function will then run a switch statement that uses
  the stored macro value as its input. This switch statement will
  trigger associated macro functions.
> The selected macro function will execute, then the loop() function
  will reset after a delay.

Note that there are likely to be more global variables used for
these individual macro functions, but these will be added on a case-by-case
basis. The currently mentioned variables will be universally required 
for the arm to function.
